Thief Mo this idiot
in the end
Don't you want to hand over the Ling Group to Chen Shixian?
Wait for Chen Shixian to take office
We are still the Pudong of Lin's Group.
Just wait for the show
Big brother sit
Hey guys, look
The representative of Lin's Group is here
The person in the back should be the representative of the Shure Group, right?
Isn't the representative of the Shure Group a woman?
The president of Shure Group has always been mysterious
This is his book.
everyone
Today is the Shure Group
Signing Ceremony with Lin's Group
Shure Group will give Lin's Group
Invest 100 billion
100 billion Lin's Group
No one can match
Before that
I have an announcement to make.
So I decided.
The Lin Group will be taken over by my husband, Chen Shixian
husband